Replaces databases, blog URLs and removes lgtm (#718)
github/securitylab: SecurityExploits/apple/darwin-xnu/icmp_error_CVE-2018-4407/README.md

Proof-of-concept exploit for a remotely triggerable heap buffer overflow vulnerability in iOS 11.4.1 and macOS 10.13.6. This exploit can be used to crash any vulnerable iOS or macOS device that is connected to the same network as the attacker's computer. The vulnerability can be triggered without any user interaction on the victim's device. The exploit involves sending a TCP packet with non-zero options in the IP and TCP headers. It is possible that some routers or switches will refuse to deliver such packets, but it has worked for me on all the home and office networks that I have tried it on. However, I have found that it is not usually possible to send the malicious packet across the internet. 

> For more information about the vulnerability, see the [blog post](https://github.blog/category/security/apple-xnu-icmp-error-CVE-2018-4407/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the vulnerability, see the [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/apple-xnu-icmp-error-CVE-2018-4407/).
```
